{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Segoe UI;}}
\fs24
\b ServoERP Terms and Conditions\b0\par
\par
Last updated: May 12, 2026\par
\par
\b 1. Acceptance of Terms\b0\par
By installing, activating, accessing, or using ServoERP, you agree to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree, do not install or use the software.\par
\par
\b 2. License to Use\b0\par
ServoERP is licensed, not sold. Subject to payment of applicable fees and compliance with these terms, ServoERP grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to install and use the software for your internal business operations.\par
\par
\b 3. Authorized Installation\b0\par
You may install ServoERP only on devices, servers, or environments approved for your subscription or license plan. You are responsible for ensuring that installation is performed by an authorized user with appropriate administrative access.\par
\par
\b 4. Subscription, Activation, and Device Binding\b0\par
Some features require an active subscription, license key, signed license file, or online validation. ServoERP may collect and transmit a device identifier, application version, license status, and related activation information to validate authorized use. License misuse, tampering, bypassing validation, or unauthorized redistribution is prohibited.\par
\par
\b 5. Business Data and Backups\b0\par
ServoERP stores business data locally or in the configured database environment. You are responsible for database access, backups, retention, security, recovery testing, and compliance with your organization's data policies. Uninstalling or reinstalling the software may affect application files, but business data should be backed up before any installation, update, repair, or removal.\par
\par
\b 6. Third-Party Components\b0\par
ServoERP may install or require third-party components such as Microsoft .NET Framework, Microsoft SQL Server Express, Microsoft Edge WebView2 Runtime, and other runtime libraries. Your use of those components is subject to the applicable third-party license terms.\par
\par
\b 7. Permitted Use\b0\par
You may use ServoERP to manage legitimate HVAC, field-service, AMC, inventory, invoicing, dispatch, vendor, technician, payroll, and related operational workflows. You must not use the software for unlawful activity, unauthorized access, data scraping, reverse engineering, resale, sublicensing, or service bureau use unless expressly permitted in writing.\par
\par
\b 8. Updates and Changes\b0\par
ServoERP may provide updates, patches, database migrations, installer changes, licensing changes, or feature changes. Updates may be required for security, compatibility, subscription validation, or continued support. You should review update notes and maintain backups before applying updates.\par
\par
\b 9. Support\b0\par
Support availability depends on your subscription, license plan, deployment arrangement, and written agreement. Support may require diagnostic logs, version information, device information, screenshots, database details, or remote troubleshooting access approved by you.\par
\par
\b 10. Confidentiality and Security\b0\par
You are responsible for protecting user accounts, passwords, license files, database credentials, exported reports, invoices, payroll records, customer records, and other confidential information processed by ServoERP.\par
\par
\b 11. Restrictions\b0\par
You must not copy, modify, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, bypass licensing, remove notices, distribute installation packages without authorization, host ServoERP for third parties, or use ServoERP in a way that interferes with system integrity, licensing, or security controls.\par
\par
\b 12. Warranty Disclaimer\b0\par
ServoERP is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis except where a written agreement states otherwise. ServoERP does not guarantee uninterrupted operation, error-free performance, compatibility with every environment, or suitability for every business requirement.\par
\par
\b 13. Limitation of Liability\b0\par
To the maximum extent permitted by law, ServoERP and its suppliers are not liable for indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive, or business interruption damages, including loss of profits, loss of data, loss of goodwill, or recovery costs arising from installation or use of the software.\par
\par
\b 14. Termination\b0\par
Your right to use ServoERP may be suspended or terminated if you breach these terms, fail to maintain an active subscription where required, misuse licenses, or violate applicable law. Upon termination, you must stop using the software and remove unauthorized copies.\par
\par
\b 15. Governing Terms\b0\par
These terms apply unless replaced or supplemented by a signed written agreement between you and ServoERP. If any provision is unenforceable, the remaining provisions continue to apply.\par
\par
\b 16. Contact\b0\par
For licensing, installation, support, or renewal questions, contact ServoERP through the official website at https://servoerp.in.\par
}
